6 letters Plant.
4 letters Loss of conciousness for good.
5 letters State of conciousness.
4 letters Murder.
7 letters Anger.
3 letters Used for playing board games.
4 letters Every human being has a free ____.
3 letters An adorable 4 legged animal.
3 letters An adorable 4 legged in-animate object.
6 letters A spiky plant.
4 letters Male member of a royal family.
5 letters Caused the Black Death.
4 letters A recreational tool.
5 letters A recreational tool.
10 letters A recreational tool.
7 letters A sibling.
5 letters Grown up.
5 letters !Grown up.
5 letters Female member of a royal family.
7 letters Precious gemstone.
5 letters Organ that pumps blood.
4 letters An important emotion.
4 letters A negative emotion.
7 letters Loss of hope (Hard)
9 letters Having strong moral principles. (Hard)
5 letters Colour of the night sky.
3 letters Colour of blood.
6 letters Colour of a sweet and long fruit.
5 letters Colour of Iceland on a map.
4 letters Colour of the sky.
12 letters Measure of a person's cognitive ability. (Hard+)
6 letters Colour of Lavander.
6 letters A type of fast food.
6 letters A fast food on which you can apply the formula pi.r^2.
5 letters A high level of water vapour in the atmosphere.
5 letters A line on the surface of something along which it has split without breaking apart.
6 letters The quality of being attractive.
4 letters A synonym for a deity or owner of a slave.
3 letters A surface that is not moist.
6 letters A cleric at a church.
7 letters A melee fighter.
6 letters A range fighter.
11 letters Coding.
4 letters A piece of information.
9 letters A building or other object constructed from several parts.
5 letters Mad.
7 letters The most popular city of Pakistan.
7 letters A beautiful and rare color. (Hard+)
3 letters Organ through which you see.
4 letters An outing.
4 letters To fall because of a slippery floor.
7 letters Name of a mountain.
4 letters Maximum of something (e.g a graph)
4 letters A large area of water surrounded by land.
5 letters Running water which connects at the ocean.
5 letters To hit with a bare hand.
5 letters A violent disturbance in the atmosphere. (Hard)
4 letters To aid.
7 letters Feeling of revulsion or strong disapproval. (Hard)
6 letters Feeling of deep distress. (Hard)